{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":0,"position":0,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":13,"column":13},"action":"remove","lines":["         ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!"],"id":2},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":110,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["<h1>Project’s Core Functionality</h1>","","<h2> THE PROJECT </h2>","","<h2> WHAT IS IT? </h2>","","<p> Build a static (front-end only) website for an artist named Caleb Rex. </p>","","<h2>BREIF</h2>","<P>     •\tPrimary target audiences are the fans and potential fans who wish to use the site to see and hear clips from the back catalog, and any new material as it becomes available.</p>","<P>     •\tUse the site to showcase the music and publicise availability to perform at events such as weddings and Concerts.</p>","<P>         The following assets to be showcased on the website:</p>","<P>     •\tPhotos</p>","<P>     •\tTwo video clips</p>","<P>     •\tAudio clips</p>","<P>     •\tLinks to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube pages etc.</p>","","<h2>PURPOSE OF WEBSITE </h2>","<p> Based on the brief, the aim of the website (in both functionality and design) was produce a functional website that essentially showcases Caleb's music to current and new fans.</p>","","<h2> The Initial stages </h2>","<P>     •\tResearched Caleb Rex's social media to help me know what kind of design would best suit him and his kind of music.</p>","<P>     •\tDecided what pages were going to be on the website</p>","<P>     •\tSketched out a template for the header and footer which was going to be repaeated on all the pages</p>","<P>     •\tThen sketched out ideas for the actual page content of each page</p>","<P>     •\tDecided on the final design</p>","","<h2> Page Layout </h2>","<P>     •\tI decided to go with 5 different pages i.e about page, music page, </p>","<p>         videos page, photos page and contact page excluding the index page.</p>","<P>     •\tThe about page contains a row with two columns, one for the picture about </p>","<p>         Caleb and another column containing a few text about caleb and his music.</p>","<P>     •\tThe Music page contains two rows with three columns on each row which contain</p>","<p>         an audio file for a song and the corresponding cover photo for the song </p>","<P>     •\tThe videos page contains two rows inside a container containing two music videos. </p>","<P>     •\tThe photos page contains 12 photos</p>","<P>     •\tThe contact us page contains a row with two columns one with a form for the user to fill</p>","<P>     \tand another column showing alternative methods e.g phone number and email address</p>","","<h2> Colors and Fonts </h2>","<P>     •   I decided to use popular Flat UI Colors from https://www.materialui.co/flatuicolorsto choose ","            the best color suitablefor the header and footer from popular websites</p>","","<h2> Navigation </h2>","<p>     •   I choose to use a fixed navigation style, this allows for a user friendly experience on this site. </p>","","","<h2> HOW IT WAS BUILT </h2>","<p>     •   The main framework used was Bootstrap</p>","<p>     •   Icons used are from Font Awesome</p>","<p>     •   Google fonts are also used</p>","","<h2> Plugins </h2>","<p>     •   https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.1.3/css/bootstrap.min.css</p>","<p>     •   https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.6.1/css/all.css</p>","<p>     •   https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css</p>","<p>     •   https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/font-awesome/4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css</p>","<p>     •   https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/hover.css/2.3.1/css/hover-min.css</p>","<p>     •   https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:400,700</p>","","<h2> Sources </h2>","<p>     •   https://getbootstrap.com/</p>","<p>     •   https://www.w3schools.com/</p>","<p>     •   https://stackoverflow.com/</p>","<p>     •   https://codepen.io/</p>","","<h2> Code/Framework Used Per page </h2>","<h3> Navigation </h3>","<p>     •\tBootstrap Navbar</p>","","<h3>About</h3>","<p>     •\tBootstrap Grid system</p>","","<h3>Music</h3>","<p>     •\tBootstrap Grid system</p>","","<h3> Videos</h3>","<p>     •\tBootstrap Grid system</p>","","<h3>Photo Gallery<h3>","<p>     •\tBootstrap Grid system and Modal for popup photos </p>","","<h3>Contact Us</h3>","<p>     •\tBootstrap Grid system</p>","","<h3>Footer</h3>","<p>     •\tBootstrap for layout.</p>","<p>     •   Font Awesome for Social Media icons.</p>","","<h2> HOW IT WAS TESTED </h2>","<h3> Summary </h3>","<p>     •\tDuring the build, the website tested on google chrome using devTools, and testing responsiveness using the device toolbar.</p>","<p>     •\tAlso used the elements and style sections of the devTools to troubleshoot coding. </p>","<p>     •\tAlso tested responsiveness by resizing the window everytime I implemented a new piece of code.</p>","<p>     •\tAND also tested it physically viewing it on mobile, tablet, mac and windows laptop, windows desktop, and different browsers (firefox, safari, google chrome, opera)</p>","","<h2> What was tested </h2>","<p>     •\tExternal links to Calebs social media i.e facebook, twitter, instagram and youtube</p>","<p>     •\tInternal links (the navbar to ensure anchors were referenced to the right sections)</p>","<p>     •\tChecked images to ensure they were responsive and displayed appropriately on smaller screens</p>","<p>     •\tEnsuring content had no grammatical errors.</p>","<p>     •\tChecked margins and padding of container (sections)</p>","<p>     •\tEnsured the iframes were being responsive and displayed properly.</p>","<p>     •\tHTML and CSS validation via w3.org.</p>","","<h2> HOW IT WAS DEPLOYED </h2>","<p>     •\tUsed GitHub Pages to deploy final version (https://ichatreasure.github.io/caleb-rex)</p>","","<h2> Credits </h2>","<h3> Media </h3>","<p>     •   The photos used in this site were obtained from Calebs facebook account </p>"]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":179,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":110,"column":88},"end":{"row":110,"column":88},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":199,"mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1567292811479,"hash":"ff6745b6a4e272320b3811d1dcee66675aebe0c1"}